President Assad sent a letter to the
president of Nicaragua who expresses
hope of series victory against foreign
plots Lassa Lassa Syria's targeted by
its enemies and there's someone who
tampers with the security of the region
for the sake of Israel
demonstrations against the
constitutional announcement of President
Morsi continue in Cairo
good afternoon welcome to our news
billet bulletin I'm Daniel ism President
Bashar al-assad sent a letter to
president jose daniel ortega nicaragua
dr. Faisal Mekdad Deputy Foreign
Minister delivered the letter through
mr. Miguel Diaz go to advisor for
political affairs authorized by
President Ortega mr. Escoto denounced
all attempts to intervene in Syria's
internal affairs he expressed support
for Syria against the foreign plots
targeting its independence and
sovereignty he expressed readiness to
Caesaria to confront these plots mr.
Dodd expressed Syria's gratitude for
nicaragua's noble attitude and defense
of the just Arab causes in the world
units of our armed forces continued
their national task of chasing the
terrorists of al-qaeda who commit crimes
of murder sabotage and looting they
destroyed the equipment of these
terrorists and Arya jela and Algeria in
the damascus countryside a unit of our
armed forces clashed with a terrorist
group and killed a number of terrorists
in darya another unit carried out in
operation in phase Mansour Street and
Shara and killed one of the most
dangerous terrorists called Mars numeri
they destroyed a pickup vehicle full of
armed terrorists our own forces also
clashed with al-qaeda terrorists in
Algeria and destroyed their mortar gun
in Aleppo a unit of our Syrian Arab army
clashed with a terrorist group
affiliated to al-qaeda at Al Baqarah
crossing near al kindi hospital many
terrorists were killed in the clashes
and many others were injured as for
vehicles equipped with dashka machine
guns were destroyed as well as a car
full of terrorists and ammunition among
the terrorists killed Rob dilara Madonna
Jassim Al Farraj and others in there are
Syrian Arab army unit seized about
197,000 narcotic pills octagon drug the
drugs were discovered in a secret bunker
the pickup near the old border center
investigations showed that the car was
on its way to the Jordanian border where
the smuggled drugs will be carried in a
passenger bus to be smuggled abroad save
Hassan Nasrallah asserted that some
suspicious people were trying to make
Israel a friend of Lebanon and Iran an
enemy such attempts showed that these
suspicious people to be servants of
Israel mr. Nasrallah congratulated the
people of steadfast Gaza for their
victory on the Zionist enemy he
considered this as a victory for the
blood of martyrs against the sword of
aggression he asserted that the cause of
Palestine remained the cause of all
honest Arabs he called for supporting
Gaza with money and weapons to assist
its variant
distance he wondered if Israel would
bear the fall of thousands of rockets on
tel aviv and elsewhere in israel if it
attacked lebanon mr. Gus ruler called
for supporting the wrong Syrian people
whose very existence is being threatened
the chairman of the Iranian shuda mr.
Sal I'll in value lavi Johnny asserted
that NATO's deployment of Patriot
missiles in Turkey would have negative
effects on the region at the end of his
tour in Syria Lebanon and Turkey he said
that such missiles would only exacerbate
problems in the region he said that
opinions were compatible about regional
affairs including the crisis in Syria he
called upon security officials and the
Middle East to exert more joint efforts
to find a solution for the crisis
Egyptian authorities announced that
extremists extremists detonated
explosive charges and two security bases
in Cena wounding three workers on the
other hand clashes continued this
morning for the seventh day running
between egyptian demonstrators and the
security forces which fired tear gas
bombs to disperse them from al dhaheri
of square in cairo the demonstrators
staged a sit-in to protest against the
constitutional announcement made by
President Mohammed Morsi last Thursday
18 political parties issued a statement
of protest and called for massive
demonstrations next Tuesday to bring
down this new constitutional
announcement in occupied Palestine the
forces of Israeli occupation stormed
several towns in the West Bank and
detained a number of Palestinian
citizens they also erected roadblocks
and began to inspect vehicles and to
hinder movement in several towns and
villages the Minister of Industry dr.
Daniels certainly highlighted the
necessity of establishing clusters for
raw materials are linking between the
industrial establishments he stressed
the importance of adopting new
mechanisms for choosing industrial zones
specifying their activities discussing
the suggested industrial zones regarding
their plans a name subsidizing the small
and medium-sized establishments and
supporting them technically in addition
to setting up a database to achieve
integration among industries this
concludes onions bulletin for today and
now it's over to our economic news with
varney god bless you and God bless our
beloved Syria